---
title: What a Whirlwind
date: "2022-05-21"
description: "This week was absolute chaos. Some good chaos, but still chaos."
pinned: false
---

This week just flew by - there were so many things going on and so many things to share. It was one of those weeks where I signed in on Monday, looked up, and it was already Friday.

## Personal Updates

Let's start with the personal news this week. The biggest news is I got my legal name change! Ya girl is officially Naomi. Updating my information everywhere (such as banks and whatnot) was a bit of a pain, and took multiple trips throughout the week. But it feels incredible to have my legal documents reflect who I am.

I also had a consultation for HRT! The initial appointment was mostly to confirm this is really what I want - and to order some blood tests. Got the results for those back, and it looks like I've got some high cholesterol. I'll have to get that under control, and quit smoking (which is remarkably hard). My follow up to go over the blood work is not for a couple weeks, but it couldn't hurt to start making positive changes sooner.

My heart has also been acting up this week - I assume it's the anxiety from everything I have going on. It's been a very hectic week, after all. I'm hoping that spending some time for myself this weekend will resolve this, but if not I'll have to address it with my doctor.

## Client Work

freeCodeCamp had a brief outage this week. We were able to resolve it, but it was an all-hands-on-deck type of situation to triage and resolve. I ended up having to fumble my way through some areas of the code base that I never really touch. This definitely made the impostor syndrome hit hard - thankfully I was able to pair with some teammates to work through it together. It's incredibly helpful to be able to bounce ideas off someone in real time, and something I should probably do more often.

In other news, I'm getting closer to that part time contract with Rythm. My work with Sema is off to a very strong start, and we've had some great discussions and planning sessions regarding the shape of the community. I'm excited for the direction things are going there. The 4C community has been a bit tougher - the community tends to be active in my off hours, which has made it a bit tricky to get a read on how things flow. I'll get there, of course, but it'll take longer than I'd like.

## Other Projects

My game development has stalled out again. I've been so busy with my other work that any time I might have to spend on game development has been spent on gaming and trying to unwind. I hope to carve out some time to work on it this weekend, but I also don't want to push myself too hard. I think I'll play it by ear and see how the weekend goes.

Becca Lyria has received a couple of small updates, but nothing major. I'm brainstorming a way to reward folks who vote for the bot and server on top.gg - torn between leveraging the currency system and leveraging roles within our community. I might do a combination of the two. Maybe currency rewards on every vote, and a monthly role award for the top voter? Something to think about for sure.

I did have a great call with my fellow [EddieHub](https://eddiehub.org) ambassadors - we had some very productive conversations about content creation, community building, and some plans for an upcoming Twitter space! Excited to see how that unfolds.

My [own community](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) just reached 500 members, which is very exciting. I'm hoping we continue to maintain our steady but healthy growth, and that folks find the community to be a safe space to explore their interests. If you haven't joined, I encourage you to do so!

And my usual reminder: If you like what I do, [sponsor me](https://donate.nhcarrigan.com) so I can continue to do it! Thanks for reading!
