---
title: Just Keep Coding
date: "2022-05-15"
description: "I'm just in my corner plugging along!"
pinned: false
---

This week was another highly productive week. It always feels good to get a bunch of things done, but there were definitely a couple of days where I finished a task and then wondered where all my time went. 

## Client Work

Over at freeCodeCamp, we launched our new Responsive Web Design curriculum out of beta. The rollout went surprisingly well, and many campers seem to be enjoying the new approach. There was some dissonance, which is to be expected with any change - people seem to be naturally resistant to change. There have been a couple of key pain points that we're actively working on fixes for, but overall it is going quite smoothly.

In other news, I've taken on a couple of new Community Management roles for 4C (a content-creation community) and for Sema (a startup looking to build tools that facilitate open source and code review). I am excited to see what I can achieve in these roles. Honestly, if I wasn't a developer, community management would probably be my next career choice. There's something inherently fun with building spaces where folks can come together around specific interests and have a safe place to discuss those interests.

I consider myself incredibly fortunate that I am able to not only pursue my passions, but also turn them into revenue streams. Not many people are able to do this, which is just another reason I firmly believe I am exactly where I need to be in life. I was actually encouraged to apply for a role at Google this week - I politely declined. Despite the appeal of a Google salary, giving up the freedom I have to do what brings me joy and fulfilment is not worth it.

## Personal Notes

I've got some exciting personal things going on in the upcoming days. I'm hesitant to share what these are - don't count your chickens before they hatch, and all. But they'll definitely be included in next week's update (and earlier, on my other socials), so keep an eye out! What I will say is that being trans is remarkably expensive.

I visited my family yesterday (which is why this post is a day late). This went well. On the way to our destination, we saw a truck transporting a wind turbine blade - this was cool, but ended up leading me down a rabbit hole. We were discussing the relative speed of the blades on a wind turbine, and I did the math. On average, the relative speed of the blades (at the tip of the blade) is around 466 kph. Also, did you know that the blades have saw teeth on them? This reduces the sound generated in motion by about half.

It was fun to dive in to the math on that, and dust off some skills I haven't used in a long time. I tend to be easily distracted, so I have a feeling I'll be diving in to more rabbit holes like that soon.

## Social Stuff

This week I was able to get more engaged with the other communities I'm in. It felt nice to sort of fall back in to a routine - I'm starting to get my various workloads balanced out, so I'm hoping this is maintainable. It's nice to have spaces where I can help support others as they work toward their goals.

I picked up Sunset Overdrive, which seems like a silly and humorous game. After a couple hours of playing, I can say that it is quite enjoyable, but the save system seems to have glitches and I find myself relying on the auto-save mechanic to avoid crashing the game. Despite that, it's still quite enjoyable.

I will say that I find myself feeling guilty when I take time to game. There are so many things I could be working on, and much more productive uses of my time. Breaks are important, I know - but sometimes I feel like I take too many of them. This is especially true when I consider my non-productive social activities as well, such as Dungeons and Dragons. Some things to think about, I suppose.

Anyway, that's all I have for this week! See you next time!
