---
title: Crash and Burn(out)
date: "2022-05-08"
description: "Not really burnout, but I couldn't resist the pun."
pinned: false
---

This week was a highly productive week, right up until Saturday. By the end of the week I was exhausted, and I ended up spending yesterday doing nothing but gaming. Taking time to relax is nice, for sure - but I always feel guilty as there's so much I could (and should) be working on instead.

## Work Work Work

I got a lot done over at freeCodeCamp this week. In fact, it was probably one of my best weeks. I have to say, it feels really good to look back at a successful week and see just how much I got done - it's a feeling I doubt will ever get old. My other client work has stalled out a bit, as things are on hold while I wait for some stuff from the client.

On the personal side, I did manage to make some progress on Beccalia: Origins. Not as much as I would have liked, though hopefully I'll be able to push forward today (after publishing this post, of course). I had originally hoped to release this game in the summer, but that doesn't seem feasible any more. Still hard to believe it's already May! Hopefully I can release it before the year is over, though...

I made zero progress on Becca and Rosalia (the Discord bots) this week. Honestly, Becca's development road map is pretty community driven at this point - most of her new feature requests and bug fixes come from the communities that use her. Rosalia, on the other hand, is pretty much stagnant. I have some ideas that I could potentially implement, but I've got other work that's currently a higher priority. Maybe someday I'll circle back to her.

## Gaming

Speaking of gaming, I picked up Dynasty Warriors 9 Empires and have been loving it to bits. There are many things that the game does well, but the biggest draw is being able to create and play as my own custom officer. Having a character that looks the way I want is essential for the immersion, in my opinion. Those tend to be the games that I enjoy the most.

Unfortunately, I think I'm running out of such games. I've hit all of the "big name" ones that interest me, and internet searches aren't turning up any more hidden gems. Most of the solid character creation seems to be in MMOs, which I'm really not a fan of - and to be honest don't really have the time to sink hours in to.

Maybe someone will come by with a cool recommendation.

## Community Work

My [discord server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) continues to hover right around the 480 member mark. Hitting 500 would unlock the full server analytics, so we could better track community engagement. The ultimate goal, of course, is to break 1000 members so we can list ourselves in the Discovery and more people can find us. If you haven't done so already, you should definitely join! We're a small but fun community. Hopefully when Discord rolls out the bot discovery feature we'll generate some additional member growth too.

As far as the other community work, I've been somewhat neglectful. Between my client work and my impromptu break, I've had less time for communities like EddieHub. Thankfully, things are starting to settle down a bit, and I am optimistic that I'll be able to ramp up my engagement again. I suppose only time will tell.

## This Blog

I am remembering why maintaining a blog is such a struggle for me. It is a challenge to come up with things to write each week. This is very much a personal blog, so it's really just a matter of sharing what's going on in my world. But I do tend to be pretty boring, and there's often not much to share - at least not without feeling like I'm oversharing. I suppose this will encourage me to be more open, at least? We'll see how long I can keep this up.
