---
title: The Struggle
date: "2022-05-28"
description: "Honestly, this week was remarkably rough."
pinned: false
---

This week has been pretty tough on my anxiety. I can't say if it's because I'm working too much, or because I'm worried about last week's blood draw results, or if it's something else. But I have definitely been leaning too heavily into my vices this week and I need to fix that.

## Client Work

I was less productive this week than I'd have liked. I did manage to get work done for freeCodeCamp, but the stuff that would normally take my usual 8 hours took 12 or 14, which left me running behind on everything else. I'm sure I will get caught up with no issue, though I do plan to take this weekend off (it's a three-day weekend!) to rest and recover. Hopefully that will allow me to get my mindset back where it needs to be.

My other client work has also fallen behind, and I've definitely not been engaged with the various communities as much as I'd like. I'll catch up next week, I'm sure, but for now I need to take the time off to focus on myself. Thankfully, the work that I do is very flexible and I'm able to rearrange my schedule as needed.

## Other Stuff

I've been binge watching Brooklyn Nine Nine. I have my thoughts about the police force here in the US, but I will say that the show has been highly enjoyable. I connect pretty strongly with one of the characters, who frequently enacts off-the-wall and zany plans - I tend to have my own wild ideas, and sometimes think I should act on them more often.

I think that's it for this week's blog post. I don't really have much to share this week. I'm just in my corner, trying to survive. I set up a comments thing - we'll see if anyone ends up using it.
