---
title: Insomnia, Client Work, and a Never-Ending Week
date: "2022-04-23"
description: "This week was a sleepless whirlwind, but I keep moving forward!"
pinned: false
---

I found this week to be quite a struggle. While I've managed to keep moving forward, I have definitely been much lower in energy than I normally am. This has resulted in falling behind on some work, though not enough to be terribly concerning.

## Insomnia

The biggest struggle this week was that my insomnia decided to hit me in full force. One might think that more waking hours means more time to work, but in reality it's absolutely brutal on my productivity. Having to shake the "cobwebs" from my head throughout the day definitely puts a damper on my ability to think about the code I am trying to write. I was thankfully able to get some rest last night, and I am hoping to get everything back on track this weekend, but there is definitely some catching up to be done.

## Issue Tracker

The last thing I want to do is disappoint my clients, so with the week being somewhat rough the first thing to go on the back burner was my personal projects. I've done my best, at the very least, to ensure issues and feature ideas are logged on GitHub, though I'm sure some have slipped through the cracks. However, one pattern I've noticed is many people join my community server and ask "How can I contribute?". I like to think my contributing documentation is quite in-depth, but I believe that having my projects spread across a few GitHub organisations is creating an obstacle for new contributors.

To alleviate this, I slapped together a quick [Issue Finder](https://contribute.nhcarrigan.com) website. The idea here was to allow new contributors to see all of the open issues across my organisations, and filter by organisation and by key labels (`good first issue` and `help wanted`). These key features are (I believe) entirely functional, but the design needs some additional work. My goal was to ship an MVP for this quickly to address the contribution obstacle, which might take some of the pressure off myself for these personal projects.

## FeedHive

I mentioned last week that I was selected for the [EddieHub](https://github.com/eddiehubcommunity) Ambassador Programme. One of the perks of that is access to a "Brand"-level account on [FeedHive](https://feedhive.io/), which I have started exploring a bit this week. I'm hoping that the targeted analytics will help me better time my product posts, and being able to manage my multiple accounts is incredibly helpful. I'm sure I will have more to share on this as I settle in to using it and incorporate it more into my workflow.

## Client and Personal Work

Because of my above struggles, I've still ended up falling behind on one of my paid projects. I'm hoping to spend this weekend getting caught up and back on track, though unfortunately this is going to set me back a bit on my game development work. I'm pretty much at my limit for the amount of work I can take on - barring unforeseen circumstances (like insomnia), I'm right at the level of manageable but not overwhelming. Now it's a matter of getting the balance and time management sorted out so I can maximise my productivity.

I'll still continue working on my personal projects, and my ultimate goal is to get my [game series](https://nhcarrigan.itch.io) and [sponsorship programme](https://donate.nhcarrigan.com) to become stronger revenue streams so I can spend some time on the community aspects as well. If you haven't already, you should definitely join our [Discord server](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com)!

## Community Updates

Speaking of community stuff... Our server continues to grow slowly but steadily, and we are nearing the 500 member mark. Looking at the metrics, about 430 of these members have been active in the community within the last month. I could probably push for more rapid growth, but I'd much rather have slower growth that results in more long-term engagement.

I started writing this post this morning while on a Twitter Space (about content creation, funnily enough), which I greatly enjoyed. I still find myself tempted to host my own Twitter Space, to take the next step from speaking on others' spaces. But I am still struggling to find a good topic to start with - something that I can speak on, but that people would also want to hear about. If you have anything you'd like to hear about, let me know!

## Final Thoughts

In closing, I'd like to mention that I know this post touches on some personal stuff. Honestly, that's likely going to be the case for many of these posts. As we find success, it is easy to get sucked in to only posting about our wins. In my opinion, it's equally beneficial for people to see that I am human too, and that I encounter struggles and setbacks just like they do. Developers, especially those starting out, seem to frequently compare their path to someone else's - if we aren't real about our journey and the challenges we face, it can be very discouraging to someone.

Hopefully you enjoyed the read, and we'll see you next week!
