---
title: Another Week Down!
date: "2022-06-05"
description: "This week honestly just flew by and I'm not sure where the time went."
pinned: false
---

Time is weird. I can't believe we're already almost halfway through the year. Where did all the days go? (Probably working, to be honest). The days do just seem to fly by, regardless of how productive I am.

I say I'm productive, but I keep getting distracted while writing this. Oops!

## Personal News

We had to put one of our cats down this week. It was rough, but I think the hardest part has been seeing how rough it is on the family. In more positive news, though, I started my HRT this week! I'm very excited to see the changes I have wanted for years.

I also started playing Star Wars: The Old Republic again, in the little free time I have. It's been long enough since I last played that I've got a new account and a new character, and it looks like there is a lot more content now than there was years ago. I've been thoroughly enjoying it, though we'll see if I continue to have enough free time to justify the subscription cost. Because...

## Client Work

I signed the Rythm contract! I'll be working with them on a part time schedule to build some really cool stuff. Unfortunately, I can't quite talk about the things I'm building until they're built, so I don't have any updates to share yet!

Work at freeCodeCamp continues as well - my current focus is to assist with building the new JavaScript curriculum. We'll be following the same design pattern as we did with the Responsive Web Design curriculum, and I'm excited to see what we can do with it.

Over at Sema, we're gearing up to launch a couple of open source projects that I am very excited about. We'll be building some cool tools to help developers assess their skill levels and get a sense of where to focus their learning. Additionally, I'm eager to work with Vyom and Krish and help mentor and guide them to their own goals.

## Community Stuff

I had the pleasure of speaking on a couple of Twitter spaces this week, and I'm reminded again of how much I love them. It's great to be able to engage with folks and help them in their journey. And the voice-based interaction is a nice change of pace from my usual Discord interactions, where everything is text based.

Our [Discord Community](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) still hovers right around the 500 member mark. Our growth has stagnated a bit, and I'm hoping to re-engage it. I'm just not quite sure how, yet. We'll get there though!

Anyway, thanks for reading! I keep getting distracted, so I think I'll end it here. See you next week!
