---
title: Highly Productive!
date: "2022-06-18"
description: "I delivered two projects this week!"
pinned: false
---

This week was actually remarkably productive! I shipped two products and they both worked!

## Client Work

I built and launched a new level system and membership gating system for Rythm this week. It is absolutely wild that I build bots for a community of 300,000 people, and that they work! I've been developing things for two years, and I still can't wrap my head around the idea that I'm good enough to get paid for it. It's so mind blowing. People pay me for my code. What???

Over at Sema, we launched the developer rubric Discord bot. I, personally, didn't write the code for this, but I hope that my support is what helped Vyom build the product. I did, however, manage our first moderator interview today! It went quite well, but is still only an early step in our efforts to build a community. One step at a time, though!

At freeCodeCamp, we moved our translation efforts/discussion over to Discord. This required some extra focus on my end, so that I could help structure the new community direction and get everything ready. It was a nice chance to put my community building skills to work, and I like to think it went well. I suppose time will tell!

As I wrote this post (and took a nap), I received another client project (to maybe start on Monday). The work never ends!

## Personal Stuff

I've been so busy that I really haven't had any time for personal stuff. I do know I've been struggling a bit, but it's nothing I can't handle. For now, I think I'll end this blog post and get some more rest!
