---
title: Big Plans for the Future!
date: "2022-07-09"
description: "I think I've finally landed on a long-term plan for things~!"
pinned: false
---

I've spent quite a bit of time thinking about things this week, and I think I've finally determined my 10-year plan. But before I get in to that...

## Client Work

My client work continues to go well. I have managed to find the perfect balance for the amount of work I can take on, which is exactly what I was hoping for. As I continue to juggle things, I'll be able to make some moves toward my long term plan.

Over at freeCodeCamp, things have been moving steadily. I got the rewrite of the first JavaScript project ready for review, and took care of our migration back to Discord. Rythm has been keeping me busy as well, with a whole road map of projects to build - many of which I am very excited about.

With Sema, I need to find some time to properly outline our current issues and fill them out a bit more. Then I need to generate some engagement with the community and get some contributors involved with these projects. There's a lot to do, and there hasn't been as much forward momentum as I'd like. Over at 4C and TweetShift, I really need to start driving some events and community interaction. The challenge here is really determining what kind of events would best fit the community.

## Personal Stuff

I've managed to eke out some time for a bit of gaming, too. Just a little bit, maybe an hour or so each night to unwind. I picked up a couple of indie games that are similar to Fire Emblem and Final Fantasy Tactics, which is a game play style I really enjoy - it's something that I can take my time and think about, and not have to worry about giving it 100% of my focus when I'm playing.

My personal projects are still quite neglected. I found a bit of time to throw some new features on Becca Lyria, but my Beccalia game development is entirely stagnated. I'm hoping to find a bit more time in my week to refocus on this so I can hit an end-of-year launch goal. This one needs to be done right, though, because I intend to monetise it and see if I can generate some additional revenue streams.

## Goals Time!!!

This is probably the bit you've been waiting for. I've been spending quite a bit of time thinking about my long-term plans, and talking with people close to me about my overall goals. But it wasn't until I had a coffee chat with a complete stranger this week and they asked me "What are your goals?" that I really landed on my decision.

As a freelancer, I technically run my own business. I'm licensed as a sole proprietor, and have to pay business taxes (but also get business perks). The biggest benefit of this is that I have a lot of freedom in how I go forward. Which leads me to my overall plan...

Within the next two years, I'd like to have enough capital set aside to incorporate as a proper LLC. This opens up the opportunity to actually hire employees. From there, over the next eight years, the goal would be to balance the revenue and expenses such that I could start hiring additional developers. That's right - my ten-year plan is to turn what I do into a proper consulting firm.

Here's the kicker. As someone who is actively engaged in communities that are helping folks transition into their first developer role, I am far too aware of just how difficult it is to break in to the industry. It's hard to get companies to take a chance on you without prior experience. Coding interviews, especially those with DSA questions, are also a huge pain point.

So I'd want our hiring process to focus specifically on lowering the barrier of entry for new developers. It's something I am passionate about in the personal work I do, and my company would reflect that value (along with my other values). The challenge, of course, is that breaking into the industry is hard _because_ there's so much risk involved with hiring. But I'm confident that, as I get closer to making this a reality, I'll be able to determine a way to make this work.

Additionally, I'd strive to take on clients that specifically align with our own values - places like freeCodeCamp and Sema, where the goal is to make development work accessible for everyone, and encourage collaboration in open source. We'd also be able to build our own internal products, such as expanding on Becca Lyria and continuing the Beccalia game series.

None of this is going to be easy. Not only will it require a lot of information, knowledge, and work - I'll likely need to consult with a business lawyer, for example, and an accountant - but it's also going to take quite a bit of cash to make it happen. But if I can make this happen... if I can create a business that allows me to do the things I love AND help people get their first opportunity, then it will all be worth it.

If you are interested in supporting or getting involved with this vision, there's a couple of things you can do! First, consider joining our [Discord community](https://chat.nhcarrigan.com) where you can see the things we are working on and be involved in the discussions. Second, remember that you can [sponsor the work we do](https://donate.nhcarrigan.com) which allows us to do more (and reach our long-term goals faster).

This is a big undertaking, and it may or may not work out as planned. But I am very excited for what our future holds.
