---
title: Busy Busy Busy
date: "2022-07-11"
description: "wowie zowie I have so much to do!"
pinned: false
---

I was so busy that I actually skipped last week's blog post. Apologies to anyone who actively reads this blog and was looking forward to a post. ):

## Client Work

Over at freeCodeCamp, I spent the last two weeks re-writing our first new JavaScript lesson to better fit the curriculum design we followed with the Responsive Web Design section. I think the biggest challenge is that, with a project based design, we have to teach DOM manipulation right out of the gate. I worry that it might be overwhelming for new developers to be learning that at the same time as they're learning the fundamentals of JavaScript. I suppose we'll see how it goes when we release the beta!

Rythm has a whole pipeline of projects lined up for me. I'm excited to build all of them, but it is so much to do. Loving what I build does make things easier, but there's not much time for other hobbies - my own personal projects, for example, are going quite neglected. Things with Sema are also going quite well. Our first open source projects are starting to gain traction, and our community continues to grow.

## Personal Stuff

I tried getting back in to Star Wars: The Old Republic - it was loads of fun! But I really don't have the free time available to justify paying for a subscription-based MMO. I ended up uninstalling it yesterday and downloaded Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous instead. The advantage of a single-player game is that I can pick it up when I do have a couple of hours to spare, and not have to worry about long-term time commitments.

I think that's really all I've got to talk about this week. See you all next time!
